I'm currently a senior software engineer at Coinbase. I'm part of the Retail On-chain team.  We're sort of like a startup
within Coinbase to hedge against future use cases.  We build applications that bring the broader web3 or distributed finance
ecosystem into the retail application. I lead one of the engineering pods that supports a few novel on-chain execution
system and work with other teams to support a range of use cases.

Previously I was a senior software engineer at Twitter.  I was part of the Data Platform and Apps team.  There I built
a number of data ingestion and processing services for large volumes of incoming data like clicks and impressions.
I was also part of the data model working group enforcing standards across Twitter.

Before that, I was a Staff Software Engineer at Maxar Technologies, a geospatial imagery and analytics company.  I worked
on a few projects including the Analysis Ready Data platform, which allowed analysts and external customers to leverage
deployed ML models and an incoming stream of satellite imagery to build analytical results, so things like planes, roads,
ships, etc. basically whatever our clients are interested in monitoring.  I also worked with DARPA on the Geospatial
Cloud Analytics Hub which combined multi-source and multi-modal image processing into a single cloud based application.

And finally I was one of the first employees at an AI startup called Reality AI.  We primarily targeted the wearables,
industrial, and IoT spaces. We trained and deployed ML models as a service. They were recently acquired which I'm super happy about.

-----



-----


Feedback I've received recently?
    One thing I've received very recently was around assigning something, initial not too complex, but the complexity
    quickly escalated for, a project to a junior engineer.  He wasn't giving me feedback and I thought he had it under
    control after our initial discussion.  After another discussion he didn't have a good handle on a solution so I was
    able to help him after about a week of struggling.  I could've been more proactive and treated this a learning opportunity
    for me as well as my fellow engineer.

Feedback i've given my peers
