    I'm currently a senior software engineer at Coinbase. I'm part of the Retail On-chain team.  We're sort of like a startup
within Coinbase to hedge against future use cases.  We build services that bring the broader web3 or distributed finance
ecosystem into the retail application. I lead one of the engineering pods that supports a few novel on-chain execution
systems.

    Previously I was a software engineer at Twitter.  I was part of the Data Platform and Apps team.  There I built
a number of data ingestion and processing services for large volumes of incoming data like clicks and impressions.
I was also part of the data model working group enforcing standards across Twitter.

    Before that, I was a Staff Software Engineer at Maxar Technologies, a geospatial imagery and analytics company.  I worked
on a few projects including the Analysis Ready Data platform, which allowed analysts and external customers to leverage
deployed ML models and an incoming stream of satellite imagery to build analytical results, so things like planes, roads,
ships, etc. basically whatever our clients are interested in monitoring.  I also worked with DARPA on the Geospatial
Cloud Analytics Hub which combined multi-source and multi-modal image processing into a single cloud based application.

    Finally I was one of the first employees at an AI startup called Reality AI.  We primarily targeted the wearables,
industrial, and IoT spaces. We trained and deployed ML models as a service. They were recently acquired which -- I'm super
happy about.

    I also joined industry before graduation

-----

Questions they may ask:

    Why do you want to work for Anduril?

    Well, I really like the work that Anduril is doing and I believe in it's primary mission.  Previously, I was in the defense
    and intelligence space while I was at Maxar and I thought that work has been the most impactful out of anything I've done
    previously and I really want to get back in that direction.  Impactful, technically challenging work.

-----

Questions I have:

    Can you tell me more about the Mission Engineering Team or the position in general?
        mission autonomy -> lattice customization, unmanned aircraft control integration
        c&c team all-domain view, lattice data mesh, target, tracking - hardware product
        lattice related - lattice for  c&c
            big priority - integrated with other systems
            menace c2 offering - hardened terminal hub prototype phase
            application layer / ui
            data layer / data ingestion / tracked through lattice

    Can you tell me more about the compensation for this position?

        cash + RSU = total compensation == L5 - 215 (375/4=93.75) = 308.75 | L6 - 245 (840/4=210) = 455
            4 year vest, 1 year cliff
            refreshers

    What's interviewing like for a staff software engineer at Anduril?
        tech interview, phone interview, zoom call - leetcode style
        1 coding round, system, behavioral
        clear first round, team matching

    More questions:
        Can you tell me more about Mission Engineering Teams?  The structure?  How do they operate or live within the
        org as the more traditional engineering role?

        How did you get to Anduril?  How would you describe the engineering culture here compared to other roles
        you might've had?

        Clearance process?  Are there interim projects as this takes place -- assuming what i'm doing will change
        once i'm read into a project.


Cleared the first round!

Next steps are the in person interview.
