Tell me about working with others in the organization


Going above and beyond job responsibilities


Disagreements with management


New technologies to complete a project


Describe a situation where you had to manage conflicting priorities. How did you determine what was most important, and what was the result?


Technical challenge? problem?  How did I overcome it?  What was the approach?  The results?


Advocate for change or technology within a team?


As a Staff Software Engineer, you'd likely be responsible for guiding the technical direction of projects and mentoring junior team members. Can you discuss a time when you had to provide technical leadership or mentorship to achieve a successful outcome on a project?


Anduril values innovation and creativity. Can you provide an example of a unique solution you implemented to solve a problem in your previous work?


How do you stay updated with the latest technologies and trends in the software engineering field?


What do you consider your biggest strength as a software engineer, and how does it contribute to your effectiveness in this role?


What is some feedback you have received from peers / managers that made you a better engineer?

    At Coinbase we have a service that enabled retail-to-onchain quoting and execution.  This was a novel architecture at Coinbase and we've discovered a lot of teams have use cases that closely align, and instead of duplicating the engineering architecture, they use us as a platform. I've met with numerous teams at Coinbase such as Commerce, NFTs, Staking, etc. and i've reviewed their technical designs, and provided clarity and support when it comes time to integrate their services with our own.

    While I was more than happy to do this I received feedback from my manager about task delegation.  Driving these types of engagements provides a lot of visibility for the engineer acting as the touch-point for cross organizational projects.  This is a great project for an engineer to take on who might not yet have this type of visibility and provides an area of growth for the team.  This also frees up my capacity for new feature work.  Since then, my peers have successfully lead the integration with other teams and i've been able to focus on scoping out new feature spaces.

    This feedback gave allowed me to become a better engineer because I can now identify key areas for growth amongst the engineers on my team.  This up-levels the team and provides me with a means to load balance my time more efficiently.


What are you most proud of?


Can you discuss scaling challenges you've had with your applications?  How did you overcome them?


Describe your experience with monitoring and maintaining the reliability of large-scale production systems.


Can you provide an example of a challenging engineering problem you encountered and how you overcame it?

    At Maxar, I identified challenges in the workflow of analysts using our product.  They were required to create containerized notebooks that ordering imagery and interface directly with ML models, store and fetch results from s3, and then finally run their analysis if they wanted re-occurring jobs with new imagery every day.  I created the technical design for, and lead the implementation of a service that allowed analysts to get near-realtime classification results as soon as we had imagery available.

    An analyst was able to delineate an area of interest, associate that AOI with a ML model, and we would make results available whenever new imagery would come in.  To do this, we set up a kafka stream consuming intersection service that intersected data with deployed AOIs, once a match was made, we enqueued a series of tasks for image ordering, classification, and stored those results in s3.  We also created a spatio-temporally indexed data-catalogue of those results in s3 using AWS glue.  This transformed results in geo-json into parquet and exposed a data model that can be queried via Apache Spark.  It also allowed analysts to run ad-hoc tasks using the same infrastructure.  Finally, these results were able to be displayed via a client interface.

    The majority of the engineering challenge of this project was to build a scalable system that is flexible enough to support multiple and unanticipated growth in modality of data.  For example, we initially just supported imagery in the visual spectra but there are other modalities like synthetica aperture radar that we could also support.  This significantly increases the volume of data processed.  We created an in-memory matching service to read from kafka to achieve high throughput, each shard would read from a sharded kafka stream.  In the event we introduce further modalities, we would increase the subsequent shard count in the event our consumers were struggling to keep up with incoming data.


What is your approach to managing deadlines and working under pressure within an engineering environment?

    When managing deadlines and working under pressure I believe that communication is key.  Generally, there are a lot of stakeholders involved from product and throughout the management chain.  It's very import to communicate these stakeholders throughout the development cycle especially as deadlines are approaching.  If you don't communicate openly, there can be misunderstanding and it doesn't allow others to support you if needed.  It create a more cohesive engineering team if everyone is open about the pressure they're under and allows other's to lend a hand if possible.

    For example, at Coinbase, we recently extended one of our services to allow for user's to interact with lending contracts on-chain with their retail balances.  This is a relatively high profile project with a lot of eyes on it. However, we encountered delays when integrating the smart contract with our workflow system and end-to-end testing had to be pushed back by about a weeks.  Once I communicated about this potential miss to our deadline, our team was able to get support from across the organization for this key component.  Had I not communicated openly, we would've been further delayed as it only would've been apparent when testing could not take place.

    Additionally, there are numerous proactive strategies like setting reasonable expectations with product and load balancing work across team-mates.


Explain a time when you had to adapt your communication style to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

    During my time at Coinbase, a lot of our changes require interfacing with non-technical stakeholders.  Primarily those in finance, legal, and compliance.

    When creating the architecture for a service that creates quotes for and executes on-chain transactions from the retail exchange, all of these stakeholders need to be involved and they need to understand what we're building at a high level, but more importantly I needed to transform our system architecture into something they could understand and work with.  They don't necessarily care about API design, the workflow itself, the components, but they each care deeply about their area of expertise.

    With finance,they cared most about the flow of funds.  I had to transform my system architecture diagram with all of it's operations, into a flow of funds diagram labeling from which and to what account funds are moving.  For legal and compliance, I had to translate the technical design document into a format that outlined how we're monitoring and ledgering every transaction.

    Overall, it's about finding what that particular cohort of stakeholders most care about, and translating the complexity into a format that they can work with.  Only then can you get buy-in from cross functional partners while minimizing the overhead for translation on their part.

How do you prioritize tasks and manage competing priorities while ensuring deadlines are met?


Describe a time when you faced significant obstacles on a project and how you adapted to overcome them.


How have you demonstrated leadership within an engineering team, and how do you foster collaboration and innovation?

Why Anduril?

    Throughout my career i've worked at a broad range of tech companies.  From an AI startup, to a social media company, now i'm in FinTech.  The most impactful company I've worked in was in the defense intelligence space.  I think it had some of the coolest possible projects and I felt like the work was the most impactful i've done so far.  Working on projects with real-world impact got me excited to get to work every day and 

    Anduril has a similar mission and you folks are working on some really impactful projects.  It makes me excited

    They have a similar mission to that of Anduril and that makes me excited if I can get the opportunity to move my career back into that direction.